this is a play called sell by date it's
my first since bridge-and-tunnel which I
did on Broadway and this one i I've
thank you I've excerpted it just for you
so here we go right class let's be
absolutely certain all electronic
devices are switched off before we begin
so class hopefully you'll recognize what
you just heard me say as the very good
the cellular phone announcement right
this was also known as a mobile phone so
you'll remember people of that era would
have had an external electronic device
right something like this and they all
would have carried one of these round
with them and amongst their biggest
fears was the sheer mortification that
one of these might ring at some
inopportune moment right so a bit of
trivia about that era for you but so the
format of today's class is I will be
presenting multiple birth modules today
from that period in history right so
starting circa 2016 and remember this
was the very first year of the Bert
program so we've got quite a few of
these to get through bear in mind I will
be living in two various different
bodies different ages also what will
then called races or ethnic groups as
you'll remember from unit one and and
along the gender continuum I will be
living in two males as well it was quite
binary at that time also don't forget we
are reading the book module for next
week's focus on gender now I know some
of you have requested the book in pill
form
I know people still believe ingesting it
is better for retention but since we are
trying to experience what our forebears
did right let's let's please just
consider doing the actual ocular reading
okay and also
how many people have your emotional
shunts engaged right please toggle them
off okay I'm I really I know it's
challenging but I want you to be able to
feel the entire natural emo range all
right it is essential to this part of
the syllabus yes Macy all right I
understand but if you're unwilling - all
right well we can discuss that after
class okay all right we'll discuss your
concerns but just relax okay nobody's
died and gone to composting
okay let's after class okay after class
all right let's let's just get started
okay at this first subject identified as
a middle class home maker remember these
early modules in these people's full
identities were protected and this
allowed them to speak more freely on our
topic which for many of them was taboo
night okay honey now I'm ready when you
were no sweetheart I said I'm ready when
you are
okay I'm freezing it's like a meat
locker in here in this recording studio
I should have brought a schmatta
all this fancy technology but they can't
afford heat what is he saying I can't
hear you I can't hear you through the
glass honey oh there you are in my ear
okay oh you can hear me the whole time
oh yes I am a little chilly okay yes Oh
the coldest for the machines right the
new technology okay yes now remind me
again you're recording not only my voice
but my feelings my own my memories right
okay right yet Burt yes I read about it
the bio empathetic resonant technology
right right but so people will be able
to feel my experience and my memory okay
now right I'm ready I just I thought you
were gonna give me a test to see how my
memories doing I was going to tell you
you're too late it's already bad news
okay no no go ahead honey
oh that's the first question what do I
think of prostitution are you soliciting
me young man
I've heard of may-december romances but
what are you about twenty years old
eighteen eighteen years I think I think
I have candies in my purse older than 18
years old I'm teasing you sweetheart
okay
now I'm comfortable with any question
okay sure so about the prostitution Oh
sex work sex work okay now just in my
day they called it prostitution not sex
oh because it includes pornography also
okay yeah no well I guess when I was a
girl we didn't really have a name for
that I though we would have said dirty
magazines I suppose or dirty movies and
well it's not like what you have with
the Internet
but no okay I don't mind sharing you
know my late husband and I we were a
very romantic couple lots of tenderness
you understand and well as you get older
you know at one point I thought my
husband might be helped by using some of
the you know the pills men can take but
you know he wasn't interested in those
and so I thought well what about maybe
watching an adult movie on the Internet
just just for inspiration you understand
yeah well at the time neither of us were
very good on the computer so you know
usually if we needed help with the
internet we would just call our children
or our grandchildren but obviously in
this case that wasn't an option
so I thought I'll have a look myself you
know just to see you know how difficult
could it be you search for certain
keywords and you look oh wow is right
young man you can't imagine what I saw
well first of all I was just trying to
find you know couples normal couples
making love you know but this would so
many people together at one time you
couldn't tell which part belonged to
which body you know how they even got
the cameras to capture some of this I
couldn't tell you but but the one thing
they didn't capture was making love you
know I mean there was lots of making of
something you know but they took the
love part right out of it you know the
fun it was all very extreme you know
like you would say with the extreme
sports you know lots of endurance but
never tenderness you know some anyway
needless to say that was $19.95 I'll
never get back again but it only showed
up on the credit card as entertainment
services so my husband was never the
wiser and you know after all about he
well you could say it turned out he
didn't need the extra inspiration after
all right so next subject is a young
woman next subject class is a neck young
woman called Bella University student
interviewed in 2016 during what was
called an intro to feminist porn class
as part of her major in sex work at a
college in the Bay Area yeah I just want
to like get a recording of like you guys
like recording me like a meadow
recording or whatever this is just like
this whole experience just like really
amazing I like to capture that from like
Instagram and my tumblr okay it's like
hi guys it's me Bella and aya I'm like
being interviewed right now for this
like really amazing bio empathetic
resonance technology which is like
basically where they are like recording
like as you can see from these whatever
like electrodes the formation of like
neuropeptides in my hippocampus or
whatever and they will later be able to
reconstitute these as like my own actual
memory like actual experiences so other
people can like actually feel what I'm
feeling right now
okay okay so like hello Bert person of
the future was experiencing me this is
what it feels like to be a like college
freshman and also the like headache that
you're experiencing through me is the
like residual effect of the jello shots
which I had last night at the bi-weekly
feminist pole dancing party which I
co-host on Wednesdays it's called don't
get all polemical and it's in Beekman
Hall and what I was like non jello shots
are also available for vegans and oh
okay yeah totally yeah we should also
focus on your questions also yeah so for
your record I am like a sex work Studies
major
but minoring in social media with a
concentration on notable YouTube memes
yeah so well of course like I consider
myself to be like obviously like off
that - like I was named for Bella Abzug
who's like a famous like feminist from
history and like also I feel that it is
like important to like represent women
who are like sex positive feminists what
is sex negative well like I guess I
would ask like what do you think sex
negative is
yeah it's like the terms that we use are
like so important because like we call
it sex work because like it helps people
understand like it's work and like you
know just like there are like health
care providers and like insurance
providers like we think of these workers
as like sex care providers yeah like I
don't think of myself like providing
direct sex care services per se as like
being a requirement for me to like be an
advocate like I support other women's
right to choose upon Terrell II like if
they enjoy it yeah
but like I see myself going forward as
more likely like protecting sex workers
like legal freedoms and rights yeah so
like basically I'm planning on becoming
a lawyer right class so these next two
modules are also soccer 2016 one subject
is an Irish woman with a particularly
noteworthy relationship to this issue
but first will be a West Indian woman a
self-described
escort who was recorded at a sex workers
rights rally and parade she was
interviewed whilst marching in full
carnival headdress and very little else
all right you want me to start talking
now yeah I told you you know you can't
put those wires anyway you want to as
long as it don't get in the way yeah
no but tell me again what was the name
of Bert Bert yeah I was telling her you
know I think I have in all my time I
have had at least one client with that
name so this won't be the first time I
had Bert all over me I'm sorry but you
got to get into the spirit of it if
you're gonna interview me all right you
can say it not justice no peace
not justice no peace but you see the
sign you get it
gie seee not just his no piece of ass
you understand right so that's the part
what I was telling you is that uh you
know when I first came to this country I
work every job I can find I was a nanny
I was a homecare attendant for all these
different old people and then I said
chai if I have to touch another white
man backside I might as well get paid a
lot more money for it than this --see
understand Shh you know how hard it is
being a domestic worker some of these
men they heavy you have to pick them up
and flip them over no I let them pick me
up and flip me over you understand well
you have a sense of humor about it
that's what I think no but see listen
you find me somebody who don't hate some
parts of their job I mean there's a lot
of things about this job that I hate but
the money is not one of them and I will
tell you as long as this the best
possibility for me to make real money
I'm gonna be drum making no faking if
that's what they want to call me no I'm
not even from Jamaica that's how they
market me my family is from Trinidad in
the Virgin Islands they don't know what
I do but you know what my children they
know that their school fees are paid
they have their books and their computer
and this way I know that they have a
chance so I'm not gonna tell you that
what I do it's easy I'm not gonna tell
you that I feel was that you said
liberated but i'ma tell you that I feel
paid right thanks
that's lovely at just a cup of tea love
and just a splash of the whiskey it's
perfect that's grand just a drop more
it's a splash perfect and what was your
name it Peter would that right so Peter
right so that's that is the unique part
of it for me right is that am i ended up
in both first in the convent and then in
the prostitution after that's right
right so one woman at the University
here in Dublin she wrote about me she
said and Maureen Fitzroy is the living
embodiment of the [ __ ] virgin dichotomy
right doesn't it sounds like something
you need to go into Hospice
I've got this terrible dichotomy wasn't
it right wait for me though you know it
was as a girl you know just starting
with me dad I mean half the time when he
spoke to us it was just a sort of tell
us we were all useless rotten eejits and
we had no morals and that type of thing
and you know I certainly didn't do
myself any favors by the time I was 16
I'd started messing about with this
older fella and he wanted to be our
little secret and I did as I was told
didn't I and when that got back to me
dad he he had me sent straight away to
the convent and well know that older
fella he would still come to find me in
the convent yeah he'd leave me notes
tucked into the holes in the brick at
the back of the charity shop so we could
meet and he tell me how he's leaving his
wife and I believed him you know until I
got pregnant I did Peter and I left him
a note about it in our special place
there and I never did hear from him
again no I gave it up for adoption so we
could have a decent life and then they
wouldn't let me back into the conference
so not my one sister Virginia gave me a
fiver for the course to Dublin and
that's how I ended up here well surprise
surprise I fell in love with another
fella much older than me and I always
say I was just so happy he didn't cause
he didn't drink you know I I married the
bastard well he didn't drink but he did
have just the wee heroin problem didn't
he and that's right and before I knew it
he was the one that turned me onto the
prostitution my own husband
he had me supporting the both of us I
was 18 well it wasn't pretty woman I can
tell you that you know that Julia
Roberts if she'd ever had to sleep with
a man to put a few pounds in her pocket
I don't think she'd ever have made that
film well for your record my opinion of
the legalization I'd say I'm against it
I just I don't care what these young
girls say you know living like that your
job
lost and you know I'm 63 years old I'm
I'm still trying to find who I am you
know I never was a wife or a nun or a
prostitute even really not really no but
it's not nobody ever asked who I wanted
to be they just told me and if you
legalize it then you really tell these
girls go on and get lost for a living
and a lot of them those do as they're
told
right so four perspectives from for
quite for quite different voices there
right one woman saying sex itself is
natural but the sex industry seems to
sort of mechanize or industrialize it
right then the second woman considered
sex work to be empowering liberating and
feminist though she herself notably did
not seem keen to do it the third woman
who actually was a so-called sex worker
did not agree that it was liberating but
she wanted the right to the economic
empowerment and we here the fourth woman
saying not only prostitution itself but
prescribed roles for women in general
prevented her from ever finding who she
was right so another fact most people
did not know was the average age of an
at-risk girl being introduced to the sex
industry was 12 or 13 also consider that
the age when all girls in that society
first became exposed to sexualized
images of women was quite a bit earlier
night this this was a door called Barbie
right I initially thought she was an
educational tool for anorexia prevention
but actually she was considered by many
to be a wholesome symbol of femininity
and often young girls began what was
called dieting right remember this this
was restricting food intake on purpose
by the age of six and defining
themselves based on attractiveness by
around that same time right yes right
Bradley okay excellent point so there
was a lucrative market in that society
in convincing all people they had to
look a certain way to even have a sex
life right
girls especially were expected to be
sexy while avoiding being perceived as
[ __ ] for being sexual right so there's
that shame piece we've heard yes Valerie
right okay very good
yes of course men were having sex as
well right but you'll remember from the
reading what were male [ __ ] called very
good they were called men right so not
not easy so not easy living in a world
like that right though it was not all
bad news either most women in the early
2000s considered themselves empowered
and men generally felt they were also
evolved in this area and in fact most
people would have been aware of issues
like human trafficking for example but
they would have seen that as quite
separate from more recreational adult
entertainment and so we'll just very
briefly class we don't have a lot of
time we'll just very briefly hear from a
man on our topic at this stage so this
next subject was interviewed on the
night of his bachelor party dude can you
all right guys can you just like keep it
down I'm trying to talk to Burt right
now Oh your name's not Burt no Burt's
the name of that all right
no no totally it's totally fine I'm
mostly sober so I just wanted to like
yeah no I just want to be helpful cuz
yeah yeah and I totally believe in like
causes like all that stuff um and
actually I'm wearing Tom's right now
yeah Tom's like like the shoes you know
like you buy a pair and then like a kid
in Africa gets like clean water and yeah
totally
so but what was the question again sorry
oh yeah I mean of course I believe in
women's rights I'm marrying a woman no
but I mean like okay just cuz I'm in a
strip club parking lot doesn't mean that
I'm like a sexist or whatever I mean
like my fiance is totally amazing she's
like a totally strong girl woman smart
woman like the whole she yeah she knows
I'm here she's probably at a strip club
herself right now like as a joke same as
me my best man I told him he could
surprise me and he
this would be hilarious but this is not
something yeah we all went to be school
together
Wharton yeah so do it can you get all
right but it's my bachelor party and I
can spend it in the parking lot with
Anderson Cooper if I want to all right
all right I'll see you in there all
right
okay so Anderson so like first of all
stripping but then like all the other
things you're talking about prostitution
and all that stuff it's like not the
same thing at all you know like like you
keep calling it the sex industry or
whatever but it's like if the girl wants
to like be an exotic dancer and she's 18
like that's her right well Missy I hear
what you're saying but I just feel like
people they just want to make it seem
like all dudes are just like predators
like we would just like automatically go
to a prostitute and whatever it means
even like when I pledged you know like
like all right when I rush my fraternity
it's like you know my brothers who I'm
close to those guys you know they're all
like me you know we're just like normal
people but like there's this myth that
you must be that guy who's like kind of
an [ __ ] and like all bros before hoes
or whatever and you actually like bros
before hos it doesn't mean like what it
sounds like like it's actually just like
a joking way of saying that like you
care about your brothers and you put
them first yeah but like you can't blame
the media either I mean like if you go
watch hangover 2 and you think that's an
instruction manual for your life like I
don't know what to tell you you know
like you don't watch Bourne Identity and
go drive your car over a gondola in
Venice well yeah okay I mean like if
you're a little kid or whatever of
course it's different but yeah you all
right
I remember one thing like that I was at
this kid's house one time playing GTA
Grand Theft Auto dude are you from
Canada okay so like whatever with Grand
Theft Auto you're this kid like you're
this guy walking around or whatever and
you can basically like the more cops you
kill like the more points you get and
you know stuff like that but like also
you know you can find process
and you know obviously you can do sexual
stuff with them but then like you can
like kill them and like take your money
back and stuff like that yeah this kid I
remember he like ran over a couple of
them a few times with his car and he got
all these points we were like ten I
think
yeah I mean it felt pretty terrible
actually no but I think I mean I don't
think I said anything I think I just
like I just finished playing and went
home all right class so then there were
men who had more than just a passing
relationship to this issue the next
subject described himself as a reformed
and remorseful pimp turned motivational
speaker life coach and therapist but if
you want to know more about him you'll
have to come to the entire play thank
you so much you beautiful Ted is
you